---
title: "Mendix ATS 1.8.5 Release Notes"
space: "ATS (Application Test Suite)"
category: "Release Notes"
---

Date: February 24, 2017

## Compatibiliy to Mendix 7
* We've made ATS compatible to Mendix 7
******************************************************************
Hier sollte man noch mehr schreiben, ich weis aber nicht genau was du gemacht hast, damit ATS zu Mendix 7 kompatibel ist
******************************************************************

## Improvements
* Improved the performance of the project dashboard. Loading time should now be much faster.
* We removed the log depth setting for schedule test cases and test suites to avoid log flooding. The default log level is now set to 1.
* We have added "UTC" suffix to the error log timestamp to make clear to the user, when the test has been executed.

## Fixes
* Fixed a bug, where Daten driven testcases where not counted by the number of records when they have not been executed in the relevant time slot
* Data driven testcases, which haven't been executed were not counted on the dashboard. This has now been fixed.
* For data driven testcases, The "show log" button will now show the latest execution log instead of the log from a random record.
* Fixed "show log" button for test suites to show their execution logs as well.
* Fixed the PDF export of test cases with very long description texts.
* In the repository, after canceling the "add item" dialog, it wasn't possible to add a new item to the repository again without reloading the page. This has now been fixed.
* Fixed the name validation of newly created test cases.
* It was possbile to add new scheduled test cases and test suites without setting a selenium hub. This has now been fixed.   
* Fixed a rare bug, where the creation of a new project failed with the error "project already exists", although there is no project with the same name.  
